Because in Sagadawas, the gracious teacher, Buddha Shatyamuni, got enlightenment, and he was born,
and he also entered Mahabharic Nirvana.
Those are the three variables. And then also in the teachings, he taught all the nations in Sagadaw
as.
When he left the kingdom, he taught all the nations of Sagadawas. Then he also conquered all the
Maras,
so due the Maras on this month, in the full moon. And also in the teachings, he walked to Gita, the
Enlightenment,
which is accounted as one of the events by the great master material. So all that events are
all happening in this month. Sagadawas. Today is the eve of the Sagadawas, which is the new moon.
Today is according to Vedic calendar, lunar calendar. Tomorrow begins. So if we can, again,
anywhere you could do really little more practice, virtuous activities, non-violence practices,
and also react with our vows of the rafuddhi vows, bodhijata vows, or such as a vow, take the new,
or kind of react with it, or take the vows of the eight perceptus that you know, which is the
shortest
vow for the 24 hours, from dawn to the dawn. That means this today's dawn, this morning,
to the tomorrow's dawn. So it's like shortest vow to take those vows. But I told those things,
I think, tomorrow, that we'll be able to act. And then also become vegetarians,
ever you can. And we like to encourage that to myself, and to everyone, at least two weeks,
or maybe hold this next month Sagadawas, which is really wonderful. It's just
following the footsteps of the Buddhas, the bodhisattvas, the whole body, our every great
master's. And this is so special. And I just approach that. And also in the teaching said,
if we do that military activity at this time, it is going to multiply a trillion times.
So this is like, according to the Buddhism, it is really bonus days, big bonus, big bonus for our
enlightenment. Big bonus for men, what we're talking about, that's to benefit to all beings,
is really the bonus day. So don't miss out. Don't miss out on these opportunities.
It's just only coming once in a year. So please, that's what I just thought today.
I told a little bit about those few things, a little bit about the highlight. Of course,
you all know that. But I'll talk a few things tomorrow. Thank you very much everyone for
participating in coming. And really, thank you. Thank you. Thank you.